hey kids how would you like to hear this
on the screen instead of the great show
you came to see that's what you sound
like we must insist on absolute quiet
otherwise we will be forced to evict all
disturbance makers from the theater
those asked to leave today will be
refused admission to this theatre in the
future wow what a dick that's right
Trisha and since I'm on local TV I'm
going to talk a little too loud and then
occasionally I'm going to turn away so
my overall point is lost
powerful claims
[Music]
you know what he's on that I love you
Meg oh my god
no one's ever told me that before this
is the best night of my life
Peter yes is this about my work
hi I have a styrofoam cooler with weird
tape on it ah that must be the cat
brains and baby bodies are you making
people he'll be flattered you called him
that oh hey Peter come on in thanks for
coming by
all right no problem buddy yeah I
brought you something I figured anyone
living alone with 73 cats needs to have
a double XL Minnie Mouse sweatshirt
thank you so much this won't fit at all
it's perfect so how's it going not bad
got plenty of company well that's good I
haven't seen you at the clam well I've
been pretty busy so can I get you
something to drink sure what do you got
well I've got water with cat hair in it
hmm anything else I've got lemonade with
cat hair in it mm a drink anything else
oh sure
cat hair ginger ale nope cab here iced
tea again summer you want to just take a
look in the fridge to see what I got
sure someone just had kittens in my
mouth
okay what's getting out of this place
tonight everyone clear on the plan
yep Megan I switch faces like in the
movie face off no oh then we have an
issue this is Chad he's my boyfriend we
love each other we said it in everything
[Music]
yeah
preesh hey where is Meg anyway oh she
was so mad I dragged it a Christian camp
she ran away to live with a Japanese
family Dominick family died oh oh
you